let's see what happens when we actually
replace the word white in the 14 words
with oh I don't know say aboriginal and
take to the streets of Toronto just a
few times in my life have I been
presented with this line of reasoning um
you know not as a joke not as a satire
of what's going on in right-wing
politics just a few times in my life
people demanded to know why it is that
these concepts this approach to politics
is uniquely offensive when I first of
white people and that it's not offensive
when we do as faith golde so boldly does
here when we substitute say creative way
mohawk DNA indigenous peoples of Canada
Aboriginal peoples of Canada etc
Torontonians Felix Carey
[Music]
simple existence
well I find this question remarkably
easy to answer how would you feel if we
took the same justifications for a white
ethnos state that you know people like
faith Goldie offer and rationalizing
their political position Canada how
would you feel if we took that that same
line of reasoning and applied it to
northern Japan what if we just used
exactly the same line of race-baiting
reasoning and started referring to
northern Japan as the natural homeland
of white Europeans that always had been
and always would be dominated by white
people and of course you could let a few
Japanese people over the border you
could have some degree of tolerance but
that this was fundamentally part of a
white European homeland out that might
seem ridiculous huh that might seem
laughable its historical reality right
now in 2018 at the end of World War two
to simplify history just slightly the
Russians concurred and decided to hold
on to the northernmost island of Japan
go to Google Maps right now type in
Japan and scroll up Sakhalin Island it's
not surprising at all is looking at the
geography was formerly part of Japan so
too were four smaller islands on the
east side therefore the Kuril Islands
which are also bitterly resented and
missed by the Japanese they want those
smaller islands returned also all of
those Islands were formerly inhabited by
Japanese people and an indigenous group
of people called the I knew who were
cast out today from memory I believe the
population sacrimoni Islands about half
a million people and the number of
remaining indigenous people who are not
I knew they only allowed the NIV key to
remain the NIV key are under 3000 I'll
pop up real stats in Wikipedia here so
cool guess what there was a big chunk of
Japan a major island I mean in as much
as Japan as any landmass at all was
taken depopulated they kicked out all
Japanese people they kicked out all the
Ainu people also and it was repopulated
he was the indigenous population was
replaced by white Europeans
and this isn't in the Caribbean this
isn't in the middle of the ocean like
Easter Island this isn't like Hawaii and
each of those history is also worth
questioning
shangela's man this is an ancient
history this is 20th century it's absurd
it's defending an absurdity with an
absurdity
when white nationalist and bright what
right when pardon me with white
nationalist and right where's demand to
know why is it uniquely offensive and
awful to use this line of reasoning with
white people and not with other
ethnicities of people you yourselves on
the right you know always point to Japan
they always point your point Japan as a
positive safe Plaza up an ethnos state
well your own line of reasoning has been
applied to Japan the northernmost island
island of Japan was ethnically cleansed
and today more than eighty percent of
the people living there are white
Europeans so yes it's rather different
when you're standing in a place called
Ontario it's not New England it's not
Old England it's not Greece or the
Ukraine right you're standing in a place
called Ontario in Canada look up the
etymology of any of those words guess
who used to live there
guess what culture used to live there
guess what language used to be spoken
there and today when you walk around
you're gonna see street signs in the
streets of Toronto in so many languages
of course Chinese being one of the most
prominent you're gonna walk up to a bank
machine you're gonna be able to withdraw
currency and one of so many languages
when you press the buttons in that
machine what language is the text
written if you go to a hospital you want
medical care what language are the
doctors gonna speak to you it's shameful
to talk about white people peeing on the
edge of opinion if this circumstance
it's truly shameful it's truly laughable
and how does faith Jay Goldie respond to
this challenge she goes out in the
streets Toronto and lies and claims that
she's partly about original ancestry and
she tries to collect signatures for a
petition for the preservation of
Aboriginal identity
so much I appreciate it yeah take care
thank you so much
there
faith shame on you if the people within
your movement can't see the deep
contradictions in what they're preaching
the the overt racism they have against
the only people from Canada really is
their home and if land it's racism of a
very different order from whatever fear
paranoia sense of discomfort you have
with new immigrants arriving from Africa
Asia etc what you set up for yourself
here is a moral system in ideology
that's that's internally incoherent when
it's applied to Canada for the same
reasons that is totally incoherent what
it's used to just about white people
living on territory that historically
culturally was part of Japan
[Music]